The reference information for the article :

Title: Experts weigh medical advances in gene-editing with ethical dilemmas, 
Author: Rob Stein, 
Published: The National Public Radio, 
Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2023/03/06/1158705095/genome-summit-gene-editing-ethics-crspr

The most compelling or striking thing of the article:
The most compelling thing about the article is a biophysicist and researcher in China used gene-editing technologies to create gene-edited babies who are modified to immunity from the virus that causes AIDS. The new gene-editing technology the biophysicist uses is CRISPR-Cas9 which enables scientists to alter and edit sequences of genomes. Some researchers argue that the prospect of gene-editing technology is immensity.

The key ethical issue illustrated by the article:
The main ethical issue around gene-editing technologies is the impact on the human gene pool of editing genomes. From the utilitarian perspective, the edited genomes are easy to be inherited and passed down through future generations and permanently pollute the human gene pool. Although gene-editing technologies indeed have a mount of potential such as in genetic defects, treating and preventing the spread of diseases, and even improving the growth and resilience of crops. But we could not turn blind to its profound dangers. Besides the convenience and temptation of gene-editing technologies, we should weigh the prospect of the whole human highly. We could not afford the implications of unintended mutations induced by unconstrained gene editing.

The reference information for the article :

Title: Tapping Into the Brain to Help a Paralyzed Man Speak, 
Author: Pam Belluck, 
Published: The New York Times, 
Link: https://www.nytimes.com/2021/07/14/health/speech-brain-implant-computer.html?campaign_id=60&emc=edit_na_20210714&instance_id=0&nl=breaking-news&ref=cta&regi_id=17754076&segment_id=63473&user_id=16ecf3987642ea9959b524420f653d1e

The most compelling or striking thing of the article:
The most striking thing introduced in the article is a paralyzed man could be able to speak after the electrodes implanted in his brain. The researchers claim it is a scientific milestone. The electrodes implanted in his brain activate the speech areas of his brain, which essentially rebuild the ability to produce comprehensible words and sentences.

The key ethical issue illustrated by the article:
The main ethical issue around electronic brain implants is the unknown side effects of the technology combined with human flesh. From the utilitarian perspective, such unscrutinized electrode brain implants may burn down the nervous system and even impair the cognition of the users. Additionally, the dignity and privacy of the user's biometric activities should be respected. The malicious actors could misuse the electronic brain implants to explore the memory and thoughts of the specific person, and even plant malicious viruses to control people's behavior. We should carefully balance the benefits and side effects of electronic brain implants.


Among the four ethical analyses of the article, I particularly agreed with the Utilitarianism Theory because it is pragmatic and efficient. It is may not easy to measure the total benefit and loss of artificial intelligence weapons, but it leaves space for debate and trade-offs. From a utilitarian perspective, the implementation of autonomous military robots profoundly reduces the suffering and harm of soldiers, and they can accomplish tasks more efficiently and accurately, which could fulfill the objectives during war. Not like deontology, utilitarianism is more dynamic and flexible. Utilitarianism is easy to fit in and transform properly in modern society. Some trade-offs made by utilitarianism benefits far outweigh the collateral damage to society, but the social cost of the trade-offs should be scrutinized. Additionally, It may be hard to find a simple metric to measure utility, especially when people have different benefits and stakes. 
The ethical analyses in the deontology of the article are not comprehensive enough. Artificial intelligence military weapons seem unethical because people assign lethal decision-making to robots, and their attributes of lack of humanity as compassion, and mercy sound formidable. Indeed such an effective merciless killing machine abandons human deficiencies such as fatigue, broken, or mental illness, but it may lead to war crimes by selectively genecide. However, the benefits of autonomous military robots are on both sides, the antagonists also could use the techniques to minimize their risk and inflict casualties on us. It is an ethical dilemma that for the nation's security every country is harsh to research autonomous technology in case of tramp by others.
The utilitarian framework is more pragmatic in solving the ethical issues around artificial intelligence military weapons in modern society. The ethical dilemma caused by autonomous military robots is far from handled, for every nation that has the ability to research autonomous weapon techniques is participating in the arms race. At least, utilitarianism leads to a practical way to solve some ethical problems by putting all cards on the table. Utilitarianism is an attractive approach that provides a clear and practical method to the problem, but the way that "ends justify the means" logic may cause danger in the future. It may be hard to recognize the chain reaction of the consequences. A positive consequence for now may lead to a miserable future, and people always short-vision. The remedy may be to reach a common sense that hand-code some humanity attribute to autonomous military robots. The most urgent algorithm must be instructing robots to identify soldiers and civilians. As a kind of cyber soldier, robots must be restrained by the Geneva Convention and be careful of committing war crimes.


From my overall assessment of autonomous vehicles, the pace of testing autonomous vehicles should be less and specifically harnessed under government supervision.
From the utilitarian perspective, the ethical issue around the autonomous vehicles commercialized by automakers is they do not fully understand the machine learning autonomous system algorithms which leads to vulnerabilities of the vehicles. The automakers commercialized the products they could not comprehensively control, which is unethical and irresponsible. Additionally, they turn blind to the possible risks and only respond when the risk is exposed. Many physical perturbations could interfere with delicate autonomous vehicles' algorithms, such as sensor attacks with beams of light, overwhelming object detection systems, back-end malicious activity, and adversarial machine learning attacks presented in training data or the physical world. The vulnerabilities of autonomous vehicles could profoundly threaten public security and set specific people in danger. However, if automakers are prohibited from deploying autonomous vehicles commercially, they could lose possible precious data to enhance the autonomous vehicles. The policymakers must thoroughly balance the pros and cons of commercialized autonomous vehicles, trying to advance the autonomous vehicles technology and assure public security.
To genuinely benefit from such a promising technique, computer science specialists should enhance the robustness of autonomous vehicles' algorithms. Immune the autonomous vehicles' algorithms to adversarial machine learning algorithms by training with large amounts of noise data and protect the black box of the core algorithms' security. Moreover, computer science specialists should also enhance the hardware of autonomous vehicles, making physical attacks such as sensor attacks ineffective. And every autonomous vehicle should be scrutinized by technical experts before they are put into the market. According to the measure above, human society could benefit from commercialized autonomous vehicles and boost the autonomous vehicles' domain improvement. Meanwhile, the government could minimize the risk to protect the public interest.


The fact that computer scientists are genuinely at the core of creating and advancing technologies that may eliminate many current human jobs. I insist that computer scientists must consider these impacts and how to accommodate them as they develop these systems. Computer scientists have the responsibility to make sure others do not suffer because of the artificial intelligence they created and compensate people whose job is substituted by autonomous machines. From the utilitarian perspective, the divergence in incomes may cause societal turbulence and desperate people to become radical, eventually destructive to the benefit of the whole society. 
For example, unemployment in the country may be closely related to authoritarianism and permanent income inequality. Even small increases in unemployment have outsized political impact. The unemployment caused by automated machines which hugely impact the workers, could divide the society and lead to far more inequalities. Ordinary people lack a share in the bounty of artificial intelligence improvement and face a decline in job security and standards. The only people who benefit are some dignitaries of computer scientists, but if the highly divided country falls into turmoil even they could hardly be unscathed. 
To solve this ethical issue, policymakers and governments should mitigate social gaps, improve working conditions, and navigate job transitions. While artificial intelligence creates abundance and wealth in human society, the super-rich entrepreneurs use autonomous machines to reap the all benefits and leave ordinary people to suffer in poverty and low-income jobs. Such entrepreneurs have the responsibility to re-skill workers to adapt to the new social division of labor and to generate new jobs to replace the ones they destroyed. Moreover, the economic safety nets are essential for those whose jobs are threatened by automation. Additionally, the governments have to spend more funding to help workers navigate job transitions and enact laws to improve workplace conditions. Policymakers and governments should ensure not only automation and artificial intelligence free humans from dangerous or repetitive tasks but also benefit ordinary people from the advancement of technology improvements. These efforts could maximize the total productivity and innovation of society.
